Is the woman's brain less than that of man?
Yes it is. And no harm in that as long as the woman is a good Muslim.
Woman were created like that.
The proof is that the testimony of two women in Islam is equal to that of one man.
As the prophet told us. As the prophet told us.
So, her brain is less.
What would happen if the road safety authority discovered that a man only has half a brain?
Would that man get a driver license?
Why would a women then get a driver license when she only has half a brain!
And when a woman goes shopping, she will lose half of her half-brain.
How much is left?
Only quarter a brain remains.
We demand the traffic authority to be accurate.
A woman is not fit to drive because she only has quarter a brain.